Anarchy Quiz

Earn A in 85 questions. Use the A you earn to earn A in an assignment (search for Lucian Green breasoning list or Lucian Green BR in Google for more breasoning lists), to have a healthy baby or use 50 As to earn a job.
You still have to do the work, and there are no guarantees.

For these questions, do not check any previous answers before answering, and do not submit the same set of answers twice or more for different purposes. 

Ideally, you should follow the tutorial, which contains the pre-requisite knowledge needed to "earn A" to do anything you want, within reason!  This may be found at http://lucianspedagogy.blogspot.com/p/welcome.html . 

     1.  What is the reason you would like to complete this quiz?

This seen-as essay will be breasoned out by you (you will be asked for the x, y and z dimensions of each object from a short sentence about the army, originally the argument for my essay on anarchy, which I wrote a pop-song about (http://luciangreen.blogspot.com).

NB: Before breasoning out each of the following objects (thinking of their x, y and z dimensions) pray for the breasoning.

EXPOSITION:

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "cup" in "The soldier cleaned himself with a cup of water"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "bottle" in "The soldier drank a bottle of apple juice"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "apple" in "The soldier put an apple in his lunch-box"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "periscope" in "The soldier looked at the stand through the periscope"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "pear" in "The soldier ate a pear with the friend he found on the Internet"?

CRITIQUE:

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "brick" in "The soldier stood on a brick, which was like a wall"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "log" in "The soldier stepped over the log"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "flag" in "The soldier found a flag"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "bun" in "The soldier ate a bun, which he had bartered for"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "plant" in "The soldier watered the plant, after moving it"?

DETAILED REASONING:

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "tofu" in "The soldier ate tofu"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "garbage bag" in "The soldier moved the garbage bag"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "nuts" in "The soldier chewed nuts at the theatre"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "processed cheese" in "The soldier bit processed cheese"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "cup" in "The soldier swallowed a cup of grape juice"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "roll" in "The soldier ate a roll with vegan cheese"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "peanut" in "The soldier nipped a peanut"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "nectarine" in "The soldier munched a nectarine"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "sugar" in "The soldier packed sugar in his bag"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "ball" in "The soldier threw a ball in the air"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "banana" in "The soldier peeled the banana"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "orange" in "The soldier squeezed the orange"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "mandarin" in "The soldier removed a segment from a mandarin"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "bra" in "The soldier made a bra"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "stand" in "The soldier jumped to touch the top of the stand"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "ring" in "The soldier wore a ring"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "watering container" in "The soldier watered the apricot tree with the watering container"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "base" in "The soldier placed the base on the flat ground"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "abdominal muscle exerciser" in "The soldier exercised his abdominal muscles with the abdominal muscle exerciser"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "flask" in "The soldier gargled water from his flask"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "dried fig" in "The soldier chewed the dried fig"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "shorts" in "The soldier ran on the spot in shorts"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "two sticks" in "The soldier jumped over two sticks"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "hoop" in "The soldier swung the hoop around his waist"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "glass" in "The soldier drank a glass of water"?

MIND MAP:

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "bible" in "The army chaplain distributed the bibles"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "wood" in "The soldier cut the wood into skirting boards"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "stretcher" in "The soldier lied down on the stretcher"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "locker" in "The soldier found the correct locker"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "carrot" in the sentence "The soldier ate the carrot to check it was healthy"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "seat" in the sentence "The soldier sat on the seat to check it was stable"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "salt" in the sentence "The soldier salted the onion"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "name badge" in the sentence "The soldier found his name badge"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "drum" in the sentence "The soldier beat a regular rhythm on the drum"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "bow" in the sentence "The soldier stayed balanced when aiming the arrow at the target with the bow"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "crotchet" in the sentence "The soldier moved the crotchet forward one beat of the musical bar"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "money" in the sentence "The soldier labelled the money to take home"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "celery" in the sentence "The soldier fed the kangaroo the celery"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "balloon" in the sentence "The soldier blew up a balloon"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "corn" in the sentence "The soldier ate the corn"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "towel" in the sentence "The soldier towelled himself dry"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "playing card" in the sentence "The soldier placed the playing card on the table"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "tea cup" in the sentence "The soldier drank tea from the tea cup"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "stick" in the sentence "The soldier moved the stick off the road"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "label" in the sentence "The soldier read the label"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "pole" in the sentence "The soldier stood straight against the pole"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "pupil" in the sentence "The soldier looked at the girl's pupil"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "face" in the sentence "The soldier looked at the boy's face"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "number" in the sentence "The soldier wrote the table number on the vegemite"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "ladder" in the sentence "The soldier like his friend because his friend was able to climb a ladder"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "tea towel" in the sentence "The soldier folded the tea towel until it was hand sized"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "cow" in the sentence "The soldier counted the number of times the cow mooed"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "glasses" in the sentence "The soldier opened a shape book at the page for science and looked at the illustration of the glasses"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "mitochondrion" in the sentence "The soldier examined the model mitochondrion"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "candle" in the sentence "The soldier lit a candle at church"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "birth schedule" in the sentence "The soldier displayed the birth schedule"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "staff timetable" in the sentence "The soldier wrote the staff timetable"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "room timetable" in the sentence "The soldier read the room timetable"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "couch" in the sentence "The soldier sat on the couch"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "pencil case" in the sentence "The soldier put a pencil in the pencil case"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "hole puncher" in the sentence "The soldier punched holes in the paper with the hole puncher"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "water container" in the sentence "The soldier took the water container with him for his hike"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "pen" in the sentence "The soldier returned his friend's pen to his friend"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "two pieces of paper" in the sentence "The soldier wrote what he will do and said he will do on the two pieces of paper, respectively"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "piece of paper" in the sentence "The soldier wrote five reasons to do a job in his company on a piece of paper"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "tambourine" in the sentence "The soldier made a model of a tambourine"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "friend" in the sentence "The soldier found the friend of his who mentioned the same key phrase as him"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "three friends" in the sentence "The soldier found two other friends, each of whom said the same key phrase as another one in the group"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "objects" in the sentence "The soldier found objects representing what he and his three friends had said they needed together"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "the library" in the sentence "The soldier checked the random place: the library"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "the conference room" in the sentence "The soldier checked the conference room, in the library"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "the encyclopaedia" in the sentence "The soldier read an article in the encyclopaedia to read widely"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "the blank book" in the sentence "The soldier wrote his own encyclopaedia article in the blank book"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "wheat biscuits" in the sentence "The soldier moistened wheat biscuits after he answered a girl friend's call"?

What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "glove" in the sentence "The soldier inserted his hand in his glove"?
